what's going on everyone its Jonathan
here and just in time for the school
year I've got a great application if
you're a fan of reading books on your
kindle ipad whatever the device may be
now this application is going to allow
you to its office by the way called no I
should have mentioned that at the
beginning but anyways it's KN 0 I
believe I pronounce that right if not
forgive me but anyways this is an
extensive application for ebook reading
that's going to allow you to read your
high school and college textbooks and
they've got a lot of textbooks and to be
specific over a hundred thousand at
about thirty to fifty percent off the
list price now this is over seventy
thousand titles but i think they haven't
updated that because on the app
description they do say a hundred
thousand so for example let's say I'm in
in a business class more specifically
international business that's something
I'd like to study let me know what all
of you want to study in college or yeah
let me know in the comments i'd be
interested so i typed in international
business and here we've got all the
textbooks and i'm pretty sure they'll
have the textbook that your class is
working with you can go ahead and
download that let's go and pick just a
random one here and RM but i'm so 79 to
use it or 109 to buy it so I'm great
prices here a lot cheaper than if you
were to buy it say amazon.com or other
sites anyways we're going to go back
into the home I could have just clicked
on here so it's got a great UI for
reading your books you can also check
you can also read your PDFs and edit
them we're going to go into the sample
book which is psychology right here and
it's got the simple you know you can go
ahead and zoom in and out to make it
easier to read um I've gotta bookmark
set right there so that it returned me
to this page they've got a couple of
beta tests that they're doing for
example let's say I click this right
here double click you can go ahead and
get quizzed on this section so if i
click quiz me it will blink out all the
information and then you can click on
them and guess what was there we're
going to go ahead and close
that it's also timed so I really like
the PDF Reader or just the reader itself
because you can go ahead and DoubleTap
anywhere well let's go ahead and are
actually hold I'm sorry and then it'll
bring up a little menu right here and
you can go ahead and highlight a certain
section and then you can tap out of that
and there you go it's highlighted so for
future reference you can also go ahead
and go ahead and hold that again and add
a note we're going to say test material
and there you go so now that that's
added I've got that note saved there now
to switch pages really easy just you
know slide over sometimes I've seen it
lag so it's not a hundred percent you
know perfect but in terms of overall use
it's it's been great you can double tap
on a picture and i'll go ahead and
enlarge it and i don't know why it's not
working maybe you know i think it's cuz
the menu bar was open should work now
nope try a different picture there we go
i'm not sure why that gorilla isn't
working no it's not working but anyways
so that's about it for this application
again you can bookmark there's a there's
an array of options on this app i
wouldn't be able to show you all of them
but there is no ought for the ipad if
you're not a fan of ebook reading then I
guess this app isn't for you it's free
though and I would definitely recommend
checking it out because you can get
cheaper prices and that's about it
everyone thanks for watching and I'll
catch you in the next video see it